scout/integrations (#17862)
docker/docs: scout/integrations/ci/circle-ci.md

---
description: How to integrate Docker Scout with Circle CI
keywords: supply chain, security, ci, continuous integration, circle ci
title: Integrate Docker Scout with Circle CI
---

{% include scout-early-access.md %}

The following examples runs when triggered in CircleCI. When triggered, it
checks out the "docker/scout-demo-service:latest" image and tag and then uses
Docker Scout to create a CVE report.

> Add the following to a _.circleci/config.yml_ file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following to a `.circleci/config.yml` file.
```

jobs:
  build:
    docker:
      - image: cimg/base:stable
    environment:
      IMAGE_TAG: docker/scout-demo-service:latest
```

This defines the container image the workflow uses and an environment variable
for the image.

Add the following to the YAML file to define the steps for the workflow:

```yaml
steps:
  # Checkout the repository files
  - checkout
  
  # Set up a separate Docker environment to run `docker` commands in
  - setup_remote_docker:
      version: 20.10.24

  # Install Docker Scout and login to Docker Hub
  - run:
      name: Install Docker Scout
      command: |
        env
        curl -sSfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docker/scout-cli/main/install.sh | sh -s -- -b /home/circleci/bin
        echo $DOCKER_HUB_PAT | docker login -u $DOCKER_HUB_USER --password-stdin

  # Build the Docker image
  - run:
      name: Build Docker image
      command: docker build -t $IMAGE_TAG .
  
  # Run Docker Scout          
  - run:
      name: Scan image for CVEs
      command: |
        docker-scout cves $IMAGE_TAG --exit-code --only-severity critical,high
```

This checks out the repository files and then sets up a separate Docker
environment to run commands in.

> It installs Docker Scout, logs into Docker Hub, builds the Docker image, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It installs Docker Scout, logs in to Docker Hub, builds the Docker image, and
```
